Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Which classmates did you consult with while working on this assignment?: Dakota, Sarah mian, Alysa juarez, glenvelis perez
- Which session(s) of TA / office hours did you attend? -- TA hours on Monday 2/13
- What are your initial impressions of Java? 
- Can you draw any conclusion about programming in general from the similarities or the differences between the two languages? 
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

For this assignment, I consulted with Dakota Law, Sarah Mian, Alysa Juarez, and Glenvelis Perez. I talked to them about this assignment during the TA hours I went to on Monday 2/13. My initial impressions of Java was that the syntax was a lot more complicated than python and much more specific. For instance, to print something in python, you only have to write print(). Java, however, requires more specificity and the notation is System.out.println(). This took some getting used to, but after some practice, I am starting to see some patterns that help me structure certain methods. Besides the syntax, python and java are very similar in the sense of what methods are available. The pseudocode for both and how I would plan it out is almost identical in both python and java, and how I think about solving problems to get the desired output is very similar. This indicates to me that how programmers solve problems and create code to get their desired output is relatively similar across the different languages. Java, however, is more fussy about the syntax and what can be done to a certain data type. This implies to me that Java is for more advanced work where specificity and precision matters. Going to TA hours really helped me. Being able to talk some problems out with the TA and the people around me made me much more confident and ultimately helped debug a lot of my code. What did not work for me was the pseudocode I made. I don't think it was detailed enough for this assignment. I had general bullet-points of how I was going to structure it, but I think more detail would have made the process seem less daunting to me. The best advice I would give someone taking this course is to start these early. When I code projects like this, it is impossible for me to do it all in one sitting since I like the time to reflect and think of no solutions. It also helps to wait a bit and then try to debug your code so you don't get stuck. This requires more time, specifically days, then my assignments for other classes. Moving forward, I am going to try to start these assignments on Thursday (when they open) or Friday to make sure I feel like I have enough time. 